core/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optionalxxx
core/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libExynosOMX_Corexxx
component/common/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optionalxxx
component/common/Android.mk:10:LOCAL_MODULE := libExynosOMX_Basecomponentxxx
component/common/Android.mk:48:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optionalxxx
component/common/Android.mk:54:LOCAL_MODULE := libExynosOMX_Resourcemanagerxxx
component/video/enc/mpeg4/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optionalxxx
component/video/enc/mpeg4/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.MPEG4.Encoderxxx
component/video/enc/mpeg4/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omxxxx
component/video/enc/vp9/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optionalxxx
component/video/enc/vp9/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.VP9.Encoderxxx
component/video/enc/vp9/Android.mk:12:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omxxx
component/video/enc/hevc/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optionalxxx
component/video/enc/hevc/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.HEVC.Encoderxxx
component/video/enc/hevc/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omxxxx
component/video/enc/h264/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/video/enc/h264/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.AVC.Encoder
component/video/enc/h264/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/video/enc/vp8/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/video/enc/vp8/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.VP8.Encoder
component/video/enc/vp8/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/video/enc/Android.mk:8:LOCAL_MODULE := libExynosOMX_Venc
component/video/enc/Android.mk:10:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/video/dec/mpeg4/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/video/dec/mpeg4/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.MPEG4.Decoder
component/video/dec/mpeg4/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/video/dec/vp9/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/video/dec/vp9/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.VP9.Decoder
component/video/dec/vp9/Android.mk:12:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/video/dec/hevc/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/video/dec/hevc/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.HEVC.Decoder
component/video/dec/hevc/Android.mk:12:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/video/dec/h264/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/video/dec/h264/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.AVC.Decoder
component/video/dec/h264/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/video/dec/mpeg2/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/video/dec/mpeg2/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.MPEG2.Decoder
component/video/dec/mpeg2/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/video/dec/vp8/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/video/dec/vp8/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.VP8.Decoder
component/video/dec/vp8/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/video/dec/vc1/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/video/dec/vc1/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.WMV.Decoder
component/video/dec/vc1/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/video/dec/Android.mk:8:LOCAL_MODULE := libExynosOMX_Vdec
component/video/dec/Android.mk:10:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/audio/seiren_dec/flac/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/audio/seiren_dec/flac/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.FLAC.Decoder
component/audio/seiren_dec/flac/Android.mk:12:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/audio/seiren_dec/aac/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/audio/seiren_dec/aac/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.AAC.Decoder
component/audio/seiren_dec/aac/Android.mk:12:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/audio/seiren_dec/mp3/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/audio/seiren_dec/mp3/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.MP3.Decoder
component/audio/seiren_dec/mp3/Android.mk:12:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/audio/seiren_dec/Android.mk:7:LOCAL_MODULE := libExynosOMX_Adec
component/audio/seiren_dec/Android.mk:9:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/audio/dec/wma/Android.mk:5:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/audio/dec/wma/Android.mk:12:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.WMA.Decoder
component/audio/dec/wma/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE_PATH := $(TARGET_OUT_SHARED_LIBRARIES)/omx
component/audio/dec/mp3/Android.mk:4:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
component/audio/dec/mp3/Android.mk:11:LOCAL_MODULE := libOMX.Exynos.MP3.Decoder
component/audio/dec/mp3/Android.mk:12:LOCAL_MODULE_RELATIVE_PATH := omx
component/audio/dec/Android.mk:7:LOCAL_MODULE := libExynosOMX_Adec
component/audio/dec/Android.mk:9:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
osal/Android.mk:10:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
osal/Android.mk:13:LOCAL_MODULE := libExynosOMX_SkypeHD_Enc
osal/Android.mk:56:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
osal/Android.mk:59:LOCAL_MODULE := libExynosOMX_SkypeHD_Dec
osal/Android.mk:96:LOCAL_MODULE_TAGS := optional
osal/Android.mk:111:LOCAL_MODULE := libExynosOMX_OSAL
Binary file .git/objects/pack/pack-4e6639b1ace7be33ce0ac9a2a079223bda93d437.pack matches
